content/about.md, before:

---
title: About Me
description: Hi. I'm a Producer & Chief Creative Officer who loves theme-driven design and creative teamwork.
image: "images/rob-bredow-falcon.avif"
tags: []
---

Rob Bredow is an **Academy Award-nominated** VFX Supervisor who serves as SVP, Chief Creative Officer of [Industrial Light & Magic](https://ilm.com/). Bredow has a particular focus on the creative strategy for the storied visual effects company where he is responsible for the company’s overall creative teams, innovation, and technology. Rob also serves in the role of SVP, Creative Innovation for [Lucasfilm](https://lucasfilm.com/) where he serves as a creative producer on select films and series including the highly anticipated **Star Wars: The Acolyte**. 

Some of Bredow’s previous projects include VFX Supervisor and Co-Producer on **Solo: A Star Wars Story**, writer and director of Lucasfilm’s story-based virtual reality experiment **Trials on Tatooine**, and films dating back to **Independence Day**. 

From [movies](/category/film/) to [photography](/photography/), from [technical geekery](/category/tech/) to [silly asides](/category/asides/), hopefully you’ll find something worth your time. My [archived website is also still available](/index.html) in case you are looking for the [Stuart Little fur shader](/stuart_fur.html) (Siggraph 2000) or other [older technical computer graphics notes](/research.html).

Commit message:

Cleaning up Social Media links so they can be referenced by shortcode. Re-wrote about page.

content/about.md, after:

---
title: About Me
description: Hi. I'm a Producer & Chief Creative Officer who loves theme-driven design and creative teamwork.
image: "images/rob-bredow-falcon.avif"
tags: []
---

I'm a **Producer** and **Chief Creative Officer** who loves theme-driven design and creative teamwork. What does that mean? I love working with teams of talented people to make stuff. I especially love mixing highly creative challenges with the right technical solutions to get a creative vision on the screen. 

I'm particularly proud of the teamwork that lead to my **Academy Award-Nomination** for Best Visual Effects for **Solo: A Star Wars Story**. [I wrote a book](/2019/04/making-solo-a-star-wars-story/) about the production of that film and had a great experience working with Ron Howard and the entire team on that show as overall VFX Supervisor and Co-Producer. 

I served as Producer on the Disney+ series Willow, and I wrote and directed Lucasfilm’s first story-based virtual reality experiment [Trials on Tatooine](/2016/03/trials-on-tatooine/). I've worked on films dating back to **Independence Day**. Most recently, I enjoyed serving as Producer on the highly rated [**Star Wars: The Acolyte**](/2024/06/the-acolyte-s1-first-reviews/) with **Leslye Headland** and another steller team.

I currently serve as Chief Creative Officer of [Industrial Light & Magic](https://ilm.com/) and as SVP, Creative Innovation for [Lucasfilm](https://lucsfilm.com/).

You can [read more on this site](/) or find me on social media below...

{{% social %}}
